live oh don't look at that oh that's not
oh
oh no I'm just kidding we are modeling
this this is what we're learning how to
make one of
these all right so wait okay let's
figure this out insert wait insert
new wait is this oh they have a PCB
Studio dude lowkey on shape is goated
already I really like some of it
features uh penis
V2 okay so we got to figure
out
um make me a
binky
ew ew a beep shap
pinky that's
insane that's insane okay
so
um what
um all right I need my I need my
backpack actually I need my notepad so I
can draw things
out yeah do you know where it is in new
room I think it might just be in the
kitchen okay I have to go wash my
glasses any
okay can you actually just clean them
with your shirt
okay but correctly this time put some
muscle
this is so [__] good oh my God this
shit's going to be all time for
real okay so wait so how are we going to
do this first off it's going to be like
[Music]
um okay so uh so this and this are
equal and this let's just make this 30
okay then the distance between here and
here oh wait how do you do distance
let's
see wait oh Dimension oh it is D what
the hell nuts in your face how do
you oh there we go I don't know why that
was so hard for me um so if that's 30
then this needs to be
15 and then these two are uh alt C is a
bad I mean alt C is a bad oh wait is it
just
C no wait is it control
C how do I just change that that
shortcut to be um what is s
do wait what is what does s
do what is
this all what should I make it
then but is C is obviously
Circle what's z z is
something Q is something almost all of
these things are are keyboard shortcuts
but alt C is a terrible shortcut for the
for the short
could I just switch this I don't know
what this is so let me go to my keyboard
shortcuts o dark mode bro Loki they are
[__] goated for this okay keyboard
shortcuts where are my settings all
right I'll do it later I'll do it later
all right I love that n is normal to
sketch plane because then I can get
situated uh so these
are oh wait but this is not
whatever so then we make these
two
uh
tangent no but they don't want we don't
want them to be
tangent first up we want this to
be we want so we want to undo
that we want this to be let's say the
rod is going to
be I think what I might do do and I make
it in three parts one of the balls has a
rod on it and the other one has like a
hole that you can screw it on and then
well you don't screw it well you could
screw it on or just glue it I was just
going to glue it yeah I feel like that'd
be easier than screwing it on yeah so
this is not going to be a print and
place penis sorry
everyone whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa Chad is this Riz
okay
so okay so let's let's just design one
part
then oh wait uh
yeah get
thing oh man okay so the title of this
video is going to be learning on shakee
for the first time as a fusion user and
then the thumbnail is just going to be
big
old that's [__]
l oh my god get this guy's Channel off
the air oh my god oh
okay never mind wait I have to quit that
actually
okay all
right all I finally got the email to
send my resum oh
wow okay here we
go we could make it like a disc let's
just try it with a
disc oh
wow congratulations thank you it's big
move not really you didn't send it no I
mean I sent it but it's not that big of
a
deal okay so so okay so we're at the
start and nothing has happened now we're
ready is s oh shift S I like that they
use shift I think that's
useful oh and we want to be on this side
and then we get normal oh so you can
actually FP it around to get the the
opposite of
normal okay so let's just make
this 20 oh wait how do we do parameters
let's figure this
out
um setting parameters in on
shape oh variables that's okay variables
whatever
I actually like the
music oh wait but is there a keyboard
shortcut for that I like that it's super
easy because in Fusion it actually takes
like 10,000 clicks just to Def find a
variable what happened what happened to
what this is not it oh wait uh you want
me you want it to be on this here what
no I was just wondering what happened
the screen like the tab change to
whatever that is yeah oh it finally
opened but yeah they're having an outage
let's just update next session okay all
right so
um so let's see so we're going to do
this and first I'm going to draw a dis
and then we're going to do the next
design so this is going to be tight of
10 this is going to be I don't know if
that's uh oh that's that sign means that
it's a um
diameter so then this is
20 oh I should get I should get used to
that and then we're going to draw like a
a bar and how far should the balls be
apart right now they're it's going to be
a disc so it lies flat kind of um but
then it like falls down and then it like
when you look on it looks like
a it like whatever well how wi do you
want the um the the penis to be the
little the part that like the the the
the thingy goes through the pool goes
through or did you say it was a disc
okay wait I'll just I'll just show you
what what part is a disc the balls or
the the thing that connects the balls
this is going to be
10 uh the oh right so the bar that the
bar that oh wait wait wait wait oh I
have to get used to
that so what I'm going to do actually is
I'm going to draw on this
plane is that the ball is that a ball
this this is a ball it is a singular
ball okay so it's not going to be like a
sphere it's going to be I can a I can
make them spheres no it's I no I mean
eventually I just for me designing yeah
whatever's easiest right yeah for me
designing is you just got to get a first
draft down and then you're like ready to
go so the the bar should just be however
long need like for the little hole
thing wait wait one sec project into
sketch on how do you do it
select the plan and then just click the
use
what oh damn I like their keybo I like
their keyboard so okay so we did use it
they still don't have like a parametric
okay whatever so wait I want to draw a
line and then how do I make it a
construction line no no how do I make it
Con is there such a thing whatever I'm
just going to draw a line and hopefully
do we get like an
automatic and then I search for
coincident oh nice oh I love this
program I'm actually lowkey becoming an
on shape user this is good [__] right so
now wait but I wanted to project this I
don't know why I can't use this some
faces I want this Edge though he
wait um okay wait did I do it oh yeah
it's I okay okay I'm I'm just tweaking
it over here
now do
this this wait oh yeah I do you do
this this are
coincident I don't know how to do it how
do you get this line on
there um wait but the real question is
oh wait you know what I could oh there's
the midpoint okay
whatever um so this shaft is going to be
so how do I do this I need to click and
then I click five okay a little
different than uh whatever but that's
okay wait I don't want this how do I
um how do you infusion you hold down
let's see what is it
infusion if you hold down click infusion
360 if you hold down click um you get to
select like a profile selector how do
you do it in on
shape oh you just right
click wait what
oh wait
what how do you select that face what if
I just can I hide this
body okay I don't really know their
[Music]
browser
um presumably it's going to be an easy
way to uh let's just try to extrude
oh wait oh wait it's trying to get the
edge of
sketch extrude on an edge oh it makes a
surface that's goofy as hell okay but
but it's also like I never do surface
modeling so I kind of like kind of like
that
actually learning both of them is like
it's nice
because it's nice knowing the
difference but I am like kind of oh wait
oh here's the browser am I dumb bro am I
the do I look like the dumbest son of a
[__] alive is anybody with me all right
so if the if the um oh and we want this
to be actually a
join uh we want this to be a
join and
then and then what is the uh how do I
inspect is there an
inspect measure
does it just tell
me diameter okay that's yeah that would
means oh wow add variable for this
measurement oh my gosh this program is
actually way better than Fusion that's
so funny dude I'm about this old [__]
donkey just trying to learn Fusion for
the first time everyone else is using a
program that actually
works dude Fusions for [__]
donkeys holy [__] this prog I see
everyone on YouTube using this [__] and
I feel like so no it's actually goat oh
it's like so
good okay yeah okay we have donkeys and
we have
goats holy [__] oh my God we have
donkeys and we have goats so this sketch
okay let's unselect everything wait oh
yeah you you click out to okay you click
out to to do this uh we're going to
unselect that we select this now we
shift e to extrude this and that was 20
right I already wrote that down so then
but that's so from the
middle it's going to have to go
10 okay 10 and 10 so let's make this 30
then so that the bar is the bar so that
the balls are 10 mm apart
so wait oh wait but you know what we
messed that up because we need we need
to change this to
be um an
ad is this going to work why is did not
reintegrate properly no merge
scope do I have to merge with all oh
nice okay yeah so
okay wait but what if I didn't want to
merge with all do I just click this do I
click this oh there you go okay
yeah so you can either merge with all
which is like sort of the simpler one or
you can you can click on
parts that's actually nice okay and
parts represent like solid bodies I
guess because I think in this you get an
assembly
file and you get a part studio
so this is all just one component to on
shape that that's sort of the impression
I get so it's do this and uh is this
just going to be a figure not a
keychain uh we're going to try to make
it a keychain but I'll have to Red
Dimension everything but I can't think
about that right now Dimension just
let's just get something that on paper
so um
wait no you know what I think needs to
happen I think it needs to be cuz
where's where's the shaft here the shaft
let's say let's
say oh we actually need to make this
probably like 20 M wider we probably
need to make this like
30 so that then we have a shaft a shaft
30 mm that's a big
penis oh damn
um this is
fun
um so what I was thinking is okay it's
basically going to this is the
crosssection so if you're like looking
at it split in
half it's going to look like
this and the balls can move side to side
they absolutely need to be spheres it's
clear to me that this thing needs to
look like a but we'll get actually it
would be great if they were like ellip
soidal because that's what real real
balls are ellip soidal but you
know I remember I remember actually um
when I was like probably in eighth grade
I remember feeling my balls and
realizing that they weren't spherical
but they were like ellipsoidal and like
is something wrong with me and like
freaking out low key cuz I thought that
balls were supposed to be perfectly
spherical and mine were abnormal turns
out balls are just uh balls are just
ellipsoidal oh let me
fil can you oh yeah it's pretty much
empty is there another one there might
be another one in my bag
need some
water okay so
uh why does it say two
here it's not
right okay um but okay wait but
so okay so from the
front from the
front it sort of looks like
this
right from the front it's going to look
like
this and then these like swing
up yeah okay
well I guess I would imagine that the
shaft is
moving not so much the balls the shaft
is moving well I mean okay like I'm
holding the two balls right and then the
shot is going up and down not
necessarily the ball is going up and
down well you do it's the same thing
just I would I would go boing boing I'm
thinking like if it's like a I don't
know if you want to make it into a
keychain I feel it'd be cool as a figure
if it's just sitting there you just
flick well I mean it's the same thing I
don't see the difference so but the only
thing is that this bar we need to we
need to adjust this sketch to be um you
should make it into a ring
give oh that's funny okay so then it
then it's like wait but then oh but then
the ring is connected to the to the
balls n no well I mean it's just it's
just going to that's going to be
complicate things why is the ring so big
compared to
the well if you it's okay it's okay
we'll go back to the keychain well it
would be yeah it would be hard to to
mention that okay so I'm going to
actually now that I have even more
familiar with this program we're just
going to go and start over so this is
going to be penis
B3 oh and this is so funny okay reminder
to put the um in the description the on
shap files and like not pretend but like
sort of act like uh you know this is
like one of those sponsored onshape
videos they're ha this if they see it
cuz they have like they have like real
creators that they like anyways it's
just it's just so funny um okay so let's
just start off with I think we can
probably um okay so you do n for
normal we are going to draw a
circle that's
uh
20 20 seems kind of small I kind of want
to do 40
and it's going to be like this we'll
have to scale this all
down okay but let's do
40 and then we are going to say uh we're
going to click on this and we're going
to do the add to how do we do the add a
variable
thing don't how do you do that there was
a way to okay wait let's just say I
think wait alt C isn't working
why didn't that what was going on there
oh I don't know but anyways I'm back in
the
sketch and we want to look for
variable oh
no uh that how did Define
variable oh wait it it was
here oh these videos what
oh you it's not it's not in the search
tools I thought I could just click here
there was something that was really cool
dude maybe this program is made for
donkeys whatever I don't I don't care uh
we just go into
the where's the drop down to do
it where is
it oh there's a little X somewhere
[Music]
oh I keep alt tabbing but and forgetting
that this program is in the
browser it was like a picture of a
plane what the what the hell
bro I feel like it's insane
that is that because I can't do it while
I'm making a
sketch oh you know what actually low key
wait hold on and this probably does oh
okay so there's two different contexts
when you're in a sketch mode the search
feature doesn't
search
um it doesn't search non- sketch tools
which actually makes sense but it's also
confusing but yeah I get why you can't
because sketches in at least in fusion
and shape it seems like they sketches
themselves aren't parametric while
there's like an undo and redo feature so
it stores some sort of History it's not
parametric and like it's a point in time
so you wouldn't want to declare a
variable in the middle of it I guess I
don't know I think it's kind of weird
but now we should be able to add a
variable to this so you can't really do
it while you're defining sketches which
I don't know it's a little weird but
this is going to be ball diameter
and oh and you
can't must be a letter followed by a
string of numbers or
letter
dude I swear I'll say it again and again
someone needs to make a cad system that
uses computer algebra I think it' be so
freaking
cool um Steven wol needs to make his own
CAD um okay so we're going to extrude
this by
40 or by ball
diameter and then I think we're going to
try this
so then we're going to fill it I don't
know how to actually make a sphere let's
see what's the real way to make a sphere
this is what I was talking about at that
concert by the way you take a a you take
a
um wait let's cancel this okay so you
you draw a cylinder that's diameter is
40 and it's how do you get the height
between two faces how do you get the
distance between two oh wait is it cuz I
selected the wrong [__] you you click
outside of it okay parallel distance
nice oh I like their names for things
too I don't like the Min distance thing
it's so vague this thing actually gives
you more
descriptive anyway so the diameter wait
no not the diameter the oh yeah the
diameter is oh yeah you just click away
I got to remember
that anyways so you you take these edges
MH and you fet them wait you shift F
probably you fet them by 20 which is
wait
20 is that going to work why
didn't there we go and now you have a
per perfect sphere I don't know why it
didn't do it maybe it was
loading
um I remember yeah right
yeah uh wait how do you do home there's
probably just a alt C home
H wait but then how do you how do you
just oh you you double click it
now uh go home on
shape
bro wait wait H I wish it was a own
programed to be honest do you see a home
button where the hell is that just
press no but this goes to my viewer I'm
talking about oh okay that's that's
actually ambiguous okay how do you this
one doesn't have a clickable and drag oh
you can click and drag you right click
it oh and you can just move this around
that's
interesting
um do they have tools for
pla so um
I I wonder what their physical material
stuff is
like okay I don't care we need to just
get moving so we're going to draw a
sketch on this face and we're going to
go normal and then we're going to we're
going to do U for 's so we at least get
um when we click out of
here I just don't know why I don't get
this
sphere like for me infusion if I were to
draw a circle here I would get a thing
that tells me I'm in the middle but
whatever we want to be off center a
little
bit and I want it to be up and this yeah
we said this is going to be 10
so that's
10 so this is Shaft or no this is uh the
bar we're going to call this the bar
feature I guess so wait so how do I so I
hide the part and then I do this
okay I'm fine with that but we didn't
actually Dimension it right so I got to
go back because we didn't say I go n for
normal then I do
D okay and yeah we'll make this 30 that
sounds good actually because
then
yeah okay great so now
we do okay how do you run a script
that's the real question how to run a
script in on shape
though a lot of what I want to do is
like I mean the most important script
that I have is the Import and Export
variables I bet there's a way
to how to export variables uh table from
on
sh okay this says to run a feature in
onscript open your ont making sure in
your part Studio click on the plus
bottom left of the
screen um create VAR oh variable Studio
what is
that oh that's okay oh but they probably
have
a copy copy
table wait what does that do if I just
paste that somewhere
else see that's what I'm wait I actually
don't know how that's formatted but but
the craziest thing about Mathematica is
since everything is just an expression
this literally you would click copy
table and oh dude and you would just get
an expression of that
table where's the water on the is it
empty all
right okay
yeah why are you drinking it like
because it's the safest way for me to
just get some water without having to
balance I got have big notes so so like
I don't
think got on my foot on my
ankle
okay uh all right so what are we doing
here we are um shooting oh wait shift E
bro shift e oh wait you click out no
wait how do you just deselect everything
there's got to be a deselect
select no okay how
do deselect everything in on shape how
do you do
it I wish this was better I
mean I wish it was just a bit
faster I wonder if I could hack my own
actually that's that' be
fun click anywhere in the blank space
Escape wait that didn't work okay we're
just going to click an empty space that
seems like the right way to do it so we
click this face shift e and then we're
going to
go this needs to be 30 so this need to
be 50 wait so you click dude why doesn't
it oh there you go oh so you just have
to tab it out
okay wait but we have to do that again I
always forget because it's an ad merge
scope does this error and yeah oh wait
we just went through that merge scope
these balls are not going to look like
balls
[Music]
man oh but you know what I could do I
could make the hook on that really
thin let's try
that okay wait so how do I I now I do a
new part is that what I do so I have
okay so this is the second part for
my okay so this is going to be the whole
so okay so okay so we go back to part
Studio oh why did it take time to
load oh it's their
freaking yeah cuz they actually like de
okay does that just like deallocate the
whole thing I have to like
oh my bad all right so let's just do the
thing
again uh create sketch normal C this is
going to be again ball size can I can I
so I click now I type
oh let's undo that c I click I click
which why do they even have me do that
but whatever well I guess in some cases
you need Mouse input but so what do I do
I type now but I can't type ball size
see why doesn't
it so okay so AC cross part Studios you
don't get that must be the behavior so
because if I were to just do that same
exact thing you can see oh and actually
the variable definition itself is
parametric dude on shape on shape is
great because you can this really is I
mean this is why I think zoo. deev is so
cool
because I mean once it's a program it
really starts to get a little bit
simpler and this shows you that so much
more than and I like actually having the
features with text descriptions it it
puts it more front and center um but
honestly dude I might be an onshape user
I might be an onshape user
um okay wait so that's kind of annoying
but whatever we we have to define the
there must be a way to okay let's just
say is there a way to share parameters
across different parts in two different
part studios in on
shape derived variables or linked
documents I honestly I don't know why
they wouldn't just default to a linked
document I don't know I've never done in
a really big assembly so I I mean I can
see
why dude it's so funny and each part is
a I really wonder how zoo. Dev is going
to do assemblies I haven't thought about
that um common variable Studio create a
variables table oh oh oh oh that's how
you do it okay use the dry feature no
but the what you're actually supposed to
do is I keep alt tabbing bro I everyone
that's switching is going to find that
annoying
um so inv variable Studio we what is
this oh and you insert it
into
wait okay I I can already
feel that this is goated I should re I
should spend tomorrow just redoing
everything I've designed in on shape
and because I
swear
this has got a lot more things right
about what you want out of a cad
system um but okay okay I'm just going
to do it but how do you add one oh you
just type that's great so this is going
to be called ball
diameter okay it's a length oh but you
have to put
in that okay it's interesting that there
isn't like an
import
wait oh okay I don't know oh performance
oh that's yeah yeah yeah all right we
don't need to look at that
actually
okay where used I don't know what that
means there isn't a way to
import oh you can export though
okay so that's how you export is you
right click on this thing parasolid
format dude there's so many geometry
formats what's a parasolid
format CAD interrupt dude why does every
CAD system think they have their own
it's so interesting that geometry is
like I mean they all got their own thing
it's so
funny um but we want a step file or we
want a 3mf file cuz uh and I always do
fine resolution I don't I don't have
stuff that's big enough to download and
store file in a new tab what does that
do store file in a new
tab okay so this is going to be the
uh a ball with
Shaft or it's that shaft a ball with bar
that's what we're going to call it we
Nam we just sometimes you just got to
name the thing and move
on it oh oh it opens that in a new tab
it it's not like a new tab you could
just make a penis with a really large
testicle no no no we're we're getting
close we've only been going for 30
minutes and I've already learned like
this whole freaking thing download
had I'm just going to put this in I'm
going to put this in the fun
folder
one okay and now I want to open up
bamboo
studio and why why do I even care I just
got to get this done I mean it's clearly
going
to oh wow that's interesting so they
well that makes sense that they don't um
oh wait what does update
do oh no
doesn't do what I wanted oh
[__] yeah control W doesn't close a
tab hopefully this
isn't wait why didn't it save my dark
mode what Why didn't it say my dark mode
that's insane oh wait you may persist
this setting but you don't get you don't
okay that should just have done it but
whatever um okay I need to go to the
bathroom I'm going get more water
too I'll be back in like one
minut
e
e e
that's the worst part about this
um should I get in there here wait
um okay you know what let's just deal
with this this is
thing
so my mom now we're going to try to
get you guys should have
like we really have to self you have
75 yeah I
mean uh yeah I feel
like I have Lally I never think about
this let me just move this
back sun and that LE saves a some
room um but doesn't pick this one up I
can move that one back yeah and then
rest it up yeah okay it up against
and this one's like a totally empty
yeah just um yeah okay this one
unfortunately like doesn't actually
stand up which is like the big like cuz
it's TIR is so flat this kickstand
doesn't
work so I'm wondering if I
can no that's not going to do anything
the thing is this is certainly going to
fall
[Music]
wait that's sort of good I mean it's
better than it was
before um
okay all right all right all right so
um I wonder how we just get the uh oh
wait this is what's so weird part
Studio you oh okay
heart
Studio I want to make
another of course JSU is um hosting
their welcome dinner with Orin
humus
um not very politically
conscious um
what I'm trying to figure out is if
I well first off what was that distance
what was the distance uh okay here that
that's 30 so we have the
ball
30 okay and then it goes
out uh 50 and so what we're saying is at
what point
does that hit the
uh well let's just take that
point so it
goes okay if I'm in a sphere and I go up
and that's
uh
um what I oh I made this four now ball
diam is
four ball diam is is oh
40 so and then the radius of the circle
is
20 then when will I
hit that thing which is the same as
asking is when is this hypotenuse equal
to 20 mm wait yeah wait so why is that
up the radius the ball radius must be
right oh
wait that needs to
be because if the hypotenuse can't be as
smaller than the
uh um okay imagine you're in this sphere
and the sphere's radius is
20 then if you go up by oh wait wait
this is oh my God no see I I wasn't even
looking I wasn't even paying attention
this is from the bottom so this actually
is 10
wait this distance yeah this distance is
not 30 it's uh 10 it's up 10 I don't
know why it showed me that instead of to
the center but that's super confusing so
this is 20 so now um now we know so
I have a triangle of hypotenuse 20 mm
and one of the sides is 10 what's the
other
oh okay it's
17 so that means that we're going
um so okay so what that means is the
distance of the bar that holds the
balls is is 50 from the center of the
circle and it so it's going to be 50 - 2
* 17. 34 which is 50 -
17.3 4 * 2 is 15 so that means that the
sort of uh the shaft that has a little
ring that's going to it's going to slide
on and it might jiggle between it when
you yeah you know natural no no no
actually well okay no it'll be able to
shift back and forth it'll be thick
enough that it
doesn't M I don't I don't know how much
you want that I think you probably want
it to stay straight um so I'm fine with
whatever okay okay okay so wait what and
what is the diameter here this is
10 okay so wait Let's do let's add
another
variable how do you do it again you wait
actually no then you just do oh wait
wait
what there's no
variable something that just defines a
variable you got to go to oh no it's
always because I'm in sketch bro I don't
even I don't even like that feature
man okay but this is going to be called
uh bar
dim let's do this and this is going to
be
um uh 10
and we actually want to make in this
sketch oh but see we want can we okay
let's go back let's let's finish wait
did I do something weird can I just move
this so can I just change this
now this is going to be bar
diam and it wasn't even defined that's
crazy okay so now but where's the
extrude oh there's the
extrude okay yeah and and um this
extrude we actually want to make we want
to roll back wait we want to variable
and we want to
do uh bar Len and this is going to be 50
and then we're going to and then we're
going to go here and this is actually
going to be bar dim or bar Len and
then now we want
to we we want to draw a plane here and
we want to we want to draw a plane there
so can I do just
plane on this face face of extrude
offset distance why did it default to a
non-zero offset
distance
break we don't do that
here wait how come I can't okay how do I
draw a sketch on this freaking
face oh my
God can I just select the play okay and
then I just do
sketch Why didn't it Go normal okay but
now so now we want to
draw
wait oh yeah right no wait I'm actually
I'm actually dumb as
hell
but okay let's just try it so undo this
wait finish sketch undo
okay um I forgot how did we ever figure
out how to go
home
no go ET whatever ET no shift
seven nice that's great so we want to
draw on this
facei and then we're going to okay wait
so we're going to draw an
this is 00 Z and this is going to
be what do we say the the radius is 20
20 it's going to be 50 the radius is 50
away so that's easy as hell I don't know
what I'm tripping
about bro why are you capping to me man
why are you capping to me so we go
normal we're going to draw a line I
don't know if how to
make it doesn't snap to this thing as
much as you want it
to so this but this is actually going to
be
bar Why didn't it oh yeah that's
actually more annoying it's hard it
doesn't automatically let you Dimension
like you want it
to um okay now we're going to just draw
a circle so we okay so wait we draw we
click C we move it we have to click
then we get a type oh and you it doesn't
even let you type what this thing is so
lame
bro it is man okay all right so this
needs to be ball
diameter great and now we just want to
take this face shift e extrude it by um
ball
diameter bro Boolean geometry resulted
in no oh wait hold on this is going to
be a new
body yeah so now we have part one and
part two now we want to just take uh
these two I just oh shift F them
oops sh wait oh wait where why are we in
sketch we don't want to be in sketch
going to take this oh I like that if you
do nothing in a sketch it just deletes
it because all the time I'm control Zing
so we shift F and we make this 20
okay and now we want to cut so wait
so we want to do a cut so alt C
cut or
intersect
um
combine Boolean it's probably
boan so this is the tool
I want to subtract and the target is
this keep tools is
true okay so now if we turn off part one
we should see a hole in here but we
actually want to take this and we want
to do Q wait no it's probably not Q
because Q makes no sense offset surface
create a new Surface I don't know if we
want that how do we do an offset face in
um
offset face uh on
shape dude why is this video 6
minutes come
on dude what a library
of course on the top lane lane and I
need a circle this should be
construction purpose
only
and and okay I I'm just asking
shbt uh what's the on shape equivalent
of fusion 360's offset face where the
keyboard shortcut is Q it just moves it
out a little bit what what is the uh
foron shape
move face I mean it's crazy how all
these people just move
face
okay face of Boolean one offset what is
erroring move face did not regenerate
properly we want this to be
minus uh point
five Why didn't it work
though I we
wait wait what did it
say you can't enter negative but maybe
it is just moving
out oh oh is that what you
do honestly I find it harder to I I
don't like the render as much I feel
like I feel like Fusion is
prettier and doesn't like I feel
disoriented right now what am I looking
at okay it's just I don't know it's
you're just crapping on Fusion ear well
I mean they're going to be some there
both in none and one in the other you
know it's it's all of the above none of
the
above all right so we just do this okay
so now I think our balls are
done I think our balls are done are you
are you
excited okay so we have 15 we're going
to add a we're going to oh wait no no
but at closest the balls are going to
be um it's
uh 50 - 2 * 20 there's 10 at where it's
closest so we need to make a 9 mm and
it's just going to be okay so then okay
all right we're finally moving on to the
shaft it's shaft
time do it hiip hooray how was I doing
it earlier hip hip
hip okay you could you can
oh okay oh y all right all right that's
definitely that's definitely more than
hip hip hoay let okay so what is this
going to look like this is going to look
like okay we're going to start with a
cylinder and we need to draw like a
um it's crazy cuz now every anytime I
open up my notebook in public I got to
take these Pages out just like a bunch
of P
dra that's awesome
um okay so you have this bar going
through okay wait what if we made like a
like it's okay so
this is where we or this is where we get
the nine
from and it goes out a
bit and um
then then from there you kind of have
well you want okay and then the ball is
here
right or and and well it's actually it's
like up there dude the fact that Leo
Leonard my friend Leo Da Vinci um you
know he uh I mean he could just sit
there and draw this [__] like I have no
idea how to VIs ual what is going on in
space here um I mean that's insane and
then he Paints the freaking man Lisa
it's just like but there's some other
ones that I thought were crazier I only
read like 50 pages of Lun Vinci book but
he
crazy um Mo Le is kind of
mid no it's all the like it's just him
as a person he's like
yeah okay um
so basically the question is where do we
want where do we want the shaft centered
around cuz that will determine basically
how we interface with the rod and I'm
guessing that we want it to
be can we get it tangent is the
question yeah I was kind of confused on
how you would even attach the
shaft because the balls are getting in
the way
um you just do massive balls in a small
little
CH I'm thinking of
like okay you have a
cylinder and then you have a little tab
here that has a a circle a circle on
it
mhm or wait wait wait
um this is looking yeah what direction
okay let me just try to but should I
build it in
here I guess I should build it
in
okay
um wait so how did we just do a new part
I think it was just when we did the
extrude we did the new
part cuz the thing is this is also going
to be an offset
plane the balls hang a little in front
of the shaft
right the I or not in front like fully
but I mean like in front of the back I
don't know why you're asking me well I
don't know I don't I don't have a set of
my own
unfortunately yeah they do sort of so
I mean they hang they would I know I
don't
know I mean I'm sure well okay it's
different because we're talking about
the little toy like what is the toy okay
so this is what I'm saying is like
there's a little tab on there's a
cylinder and there's a little Tab and it
hangs up a little above and you just um
can push it up can you do it where um
but you don't want it to go all the way
over right you want it to actually stop
at 90
right you you do
because that's you want it have a
position where it can stay locked in so
at rest so that's kind of
trickier right because now we need to
design it where there's an inner this is
so funny because I've never really
designed something where you
intentionally I always been trying to
get rid of interferences but in this
case you really you're designing a
feature where the interference is
the what makes it work
so maybe this could be moved
forward I still don't see basically we
need to
know oh gosh we need to know where it's
going to collide
do it have to be like the same size
throughout the shaft can it be
like and then like it has some type of
and then the balls sit like that and
then there's like a hole right here
where the bar can pass through yeah
that's effectively what yeah that's a
good drawing even if you were to like
lift it upwards I know it would have
like um that odd like shape but I mean I
just feel
like that's easier to do you don't and
it doesn't have to be like so like hold
on I could
like and the pole
yeah
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah
so that's that's a that's a nice design
but then you're going around the balls I
was trying to avoid the balls yeah
because I know with this like again if
you lift it up like the shaft is not
going to be like it's going to have that
weird I mean because what I was going to
do is you have the ball and then this is
like way up here basically mhm like
there's a little Notch that goes through
the bar obviously you need to go through
the bar and it this whatever
and so okay so bar and then there's a
thing back
here and then this just turns up because
of that okay I I need to get it down and
then we're going to do it in a new part
studio so this is going to be the shaft
we are building the shaft so now the
age-old
question what is the diameter of the
shaft if the balls are 40 Ms in diameter
all right whatever I'm just gonna I'm
just going to guess
um well it
depends
uh
wait maybe
like 70 okay I might do okay okay so
let's just do okay
70 okay so shift e so this is going to
be wait we I didn't get the uh oh what's
this sketch it's probably
40 um wait the shaft
is wait how do I this is the shaft is 70
no [__] way man that's too big we
need to go smaller than that uh I think
that's perfect let's go 40 we're going
to go B the same as the ball
diameter uh okay but then I'm going to
extrude this
oh wait messed this up so wait how do I
just finish sketch is
there I like that they implemented s
because they know that so many of their
users are
Fusion we're going to extrude this by um
70 but then what I'm thinking of you got
to double enter I'm going to get good at
that
oops and we just need to uh uh shift 7
okay okay there we go we need to shift F
filet this okay yeah so I was thinking
of something like
this except we want to um this is this
might be
funny but oh wait no not
that we want
to make this maybe
100 and
then um wait actually when I do this
this fill it I want to undo
this um looking good yeah but what we
want to do is we want to make a tangent
plane here and what what do we want the
tab to look
like the tab is going to be a a
rectangle with the tab that sticks out
the bottom to go on the shaft mhm so
yeah so this is um okay so wait how do
we do a tangent plane
tangent plane if I just do plane and
then click on this thing yeah so that's
what's weird about Fusion I never
understood how it
knows which tangent plane I want I I'll
go in a circle and it's like yeah you
want this one it's like how did you know
could have been any of
them but so wait we we can say
is wait cannot resolve
plane oh why don't we just
um why don't we just do
plane click on right plane offset by the
radius which is
20 yeah then now we just do enter oh 20
enter enter and then we do
on
here
um but if I draw a rectangle oh it's
defaults the center rectangle I find
that
interesting oh actually dude oh my God
Center rectangle is
freaking are are they are they on to
something man so this is going to be um
wait guess am I in a typing mode you
think I'm in a typing mode I feel like I
should be in a typing mode but it's not
going to be oh nice okay that's typing
so whenever it's like white like that
I'm in a typing mode and then let's make
this my concern though is we do need to
avoid the balls somewhat mhm so wait so
wait why oh you know what the extrude
distance will help us we'll just we can
just change the extrude
distance
um okay so this is what let's just make
it 20 that seems long though but I don't
really I don't really
care so if I if I
extrude this
add no this is a wait wait why do I have
two parts right oh no okay never mind
shift e
blind I don't really know
um Bon resulted in
no wait can I
go
what oh wait okay what
symmetric second in position oh it's
probably this oh there you
go okay so this I mean it doesn't even
matter it's going to be an
ad this thing of nine
is feel like too
much
um and then what do we make this
25 all right I'm actually honestly that
sounds like kind of good so now we're
going to do this and we're going to do
uh shift s n and then what okay then the
c or no no an r no C but there's no
midpoint here so I don't
know is that
midpoint what does that symbol mean
that's got to be
midpoint it feels easier to uh maybe I'm
just I'm just hallucinating on that um
okay but now I get the midpoint so
maybe okay but now we want to Circle and
the oh see and this is the weird thing
about that we did it in a new part this
is what we going to get go to variable
studio is
um this needs to be I think
11 yeah that's 11 so what we do is we
click oh we click then we do
11 and then we're just going to okay how
do you make construction
geometry oh Q is construction so we
select this and this and we just type Q
oh that's
great um and what what makes
construction uh lines useful in both
fusion and on shape are basically just
that like uh it when you try to okay let
me undo it if I undo this now I have to
select four times to get each quadrant
of that cuz it divides space but if I
redo that then I can just
um
uh click on this and then I can do my
shift e to extrude this and I'm going to
click on this face no no I'm not going
to click on that face I don't get that
how what is the way to do a two
object um infusion uh when I'm doing an
extrusion I can just click on another
face and it defaults to basically like
if let's say I have a rectangle and
there's a circle on one of the sides of
the rectangle if I click extrude on a
circle in the middle of one of the
rectangles and then I click on the other
face it defaults to a cut operation
through that thing in Fusion how or in
on shape what is the default or what is
the the fast way to do that because I um
I draw my circle on one side of a of a
whatever rectangle I I click on the face
that I'm going to extrude through uh I
so shift e and then I click on the uh
other face and it tries to extrude that
face too there's got to be an easy way
to okay just explaining that to myself
just to make sure I I'm almost positive
that you just have to do
um
uh where was that oh it was remove
no it's not uh oh it's oh yeah you
change this uh up to NE up to face and
then you click the
face oh but then you oh no there there
it did it okay so that's what you do you
just switch this from
blind which uh and then what is up to
next okay so up to next default but if I
did this then it would fail right
because there's nothing in front of it
but then you do this and the whole
exists so up to next that sounds
good um so now we just need to make an
assembly file I guess and maybe here we
can do an interference check maybe it
just like does it for us cuz that would
be the coolest thing
ever um so what do how do we do this
thing this is totally okay it can't be
that
complicated okay and
now oh whoa it's moving me around
now now we do joints and stuff like
that I want to join
the maale
connector yeah these are all the oh
these are oh so they separate the
joint oh wow that's kind of streamlined
I see I see why they basically their
justification for splitting
up uh part studio and assembly is
that you're doing different things most
of the time you you have two modes that
you work in you work in building the
part and then assembling it and assembly
has just better keyboard shortcuts
that's pretty much it so snap mode what
is that oh oh nice that's what I
want uh okay that's the
center okay and that
Center oh okay that didn't do what I
wanted at
all oh what the
hell wait I I should be able to just
okay wait how do I
just okay redo that how do I just take
this is it this
part there's three oh there are three
parts oh that's they're named so poorly
can I rename them
here no I have to okay I have to name
them here and then update we'll see how
that works so I rename this to be the
mail the mail
ball and rename this if I double click
it do I oh that's cool if you click on a
part of shows you which um and this is
the female
ball and then
um that we can just
close how do you close
it how do you close it can you not close
it delete I just I don't even care and
then um this is going to be renamed to
the
shaft and now does it automatically
update oh nice that's great that's very
nice cuz the worst thing that I'm
finding now in Fusion is I'm constantly
clicking that stupid little triangle to
update my
parts okay um so now we want to click on
this and we just want to move it how do
we m is move m
is fastened that's probably fastened is
probably oh fastened
okay so do I get to click this and then
click that oh
nice um why is this in my
face okay but we need to offset it in
um solve pull
assembly reorient second
axis see does that that kind of looks
like a
penis I like
it but we need to move it
over how do we move it
over I might have to watch a
video oh wow they have oh I like that
they have some built-in features for
screw relation actually if you think
about it Fusion is pretty far behind but
the thing is nobody even cares about
mechanical design so what does it even
matter
um okay I'm going to go to the bathroom
again I'm almost
done almost
done I got you are you sure it's pretty
late
e e
maybe know it's 10:30 I know okay by got
whatever I'll just take it back say
o why is that funny it's just fun
sounds um okay so what we're doing is
learning onshape
assembly I want the official ones let's
discuss getting started with assembly
launching all the need to create prod
it's also used to test motion and design
behav correctly so let's start with the
basic information you need to get
started with your assembly by default we
create do two ts are created at bot do
part and assembly if you click on the
assembly you see the tool theander all
various and anything else you need to
create your assembly you can have as
many assemblies in your do as you like
to inser a new assembly into do simp C
the plus icon bot left corner and you
see the option to create assembly the
first step to building your assembly is
inserting the first part of parts to do
this click the insertar and the insert
part the dialog will appear let's
discuss a few important details of the
dialog starting at the top you can
choose to insert parts from the current
document or from another document below
that you the option to choose Parts
assembly to insert and you can use the
search function to find the part
assembly that you want to insert you can
also insert sketches or services from
the part Studio by clicking the sketch
on the dialog to inser a part assembly
simply left click what you want to inser
from the list and you'll see it appear
in the graphics one important tip if you
design multiple Parts together in the
same part Studio you can inser them all
at once by simply left clicking the part
Studio from the list you can also choose
to insert in part within that part
Studio by expanding it and selecting a
specific part to insert another
important when you're getting started
Gally you want the first part of to be
Cent On the Origin so be careful about
left clicking the graphic space of that
first part we left click anden check the
part in the dialog to place part
orientation position with respect the
origin that was originally model in it's
important point out this is not fix the
part if you want you can fix the part by
right clicking and choosing fix remember
these tips are only necessary to the
first part when sub parts you simply
left click to place them arrar in
graphics as we later def find the
position
mates so we insert a few parts into
assembly and you're ready to start
moving parts around and positioning them
one of the easiest ways to move a part
is to Simply free drag by left click
dragging that part in the
graphics notice our example the first
part inserted is fixed so it cannot be
dragged but all the other parts are free
to move in any direction if you want to
control the move a little bit more
accurate let's click apart and use the
tri indicator to move the tri indicator
appears on
wait okay wait so if I do this but it's
not fixed right oh no it is fixed though
should I just is this good enough I mean
it okay hold
on wait can I no wait wait I have to I
have to do it before
though I don't understand why does it
have to be connected I thought but you
were going to
glue um one ball I am P afterwards I am
this is coming up part I'm just trying
to get all I'm trying to do it's so
simple is just like move it into its
position yeah oops so that's
weird
so
um is that the center oh that is the
center oh you only get like one okay how
the
my dad's excited about my
solenoid he never does [__] like that
that's
great oh my God okay so I don't get how
to get the middle thing there oh there
we go and then but this and this is the
middle oh I selected the right things
but I
didn't fasten mate oh
okay how do you get this oh it's so
hard oh my God hold on hold on I got
this there we go then you want this I
think that's it except for see I like
that okay hold
on
infusion when doing a
joint which I think in on shaped is the
same as fastened as a as a fastened mate
is it gives you a move option so you can
move things over over but I it doesn't
seem like that's a feature in on shape
but basically I just need to move
something over after the joint to
readjust it and I know the amount and
Direction wait there's offset fields
keep alt
tabing oh offset dude I'm just like
silly okay so we need to go in the Z
Direction by
4.5
okay oh
wait okay wait it wasn't
4.5 edit
it wait but why isn't it 4.5
how much should it
be I thought this was to that middle of
that thing whatever let's just make sure
that it fits let's make it
six it's pretty tight oh wait actually
wait let's do
this and it's fine
6.5
um okay so on both sides or that look
like a penis yeah but I just feel like
it might have to moving if it's too
tight huh I feel like it might have
difficulty moving if it's too tight oh
it absolutely will not be able to rotate
so what that means so okay wait we're
going to increase the pole length we're
just going to increase
uh the bar we're going to make the
circle High more hold on I I got it um
so in here
it's basically going to be this is going
to go down so it's uh oh wow it just
okay oh yeah and you just do this that's
nice so this is going to be not 25 but
let's try
35 and then this we are actually going
to change this so it's not in
the normal give me normal is this
normal we want to actually delete
this want the distance between here and
here to be uh more oh wow the scroll
wheel changes that that's kind of random
uh so we what do we say 35 so let's make
it uh 30 oh wait no that's probably too
much you make this uh 25 wait but why
did it
fail sketch did not regenerate okay it's
red which is nice but it doesn't say
anything
okay so deleting that clearly
didn't let's just go back oh my gosh
this stinks why would they okay this
stupid scroll wheel everything counts as
an action that's
dumb oh wait but undo is probably not
going to even do what I want what if I
just delete what oh yeah you don't have
to you don't have to hold control down
all the time which is nice so uh we do
want this midpoint line here and then
what do we do we do Q right
and then we want to circle on this that
is uh 11 wait so you click enter Then
you say 11 oh and then I click it and I
do q and then I do distance from there
to there and we're going to make that
um well the radius that's
5.5
wait oh yeah so we can probably make it
like eight
so and then this extrude we just need to
reselect this face
right wait why why did it air oh you
have to delete this
okay all right so now if we go back to
our assembly file oh great the joint is
messed up we need to do this we just
select this thing yet
again we go up got the
middle oh crap okay wait cancel
this delete this I'm just going to
delete it so we can just move this
around wherever we want right so we're
going to do a it's not a j it's an
m and we go oh there I had it how do you
do
it wait how do I what is the way to oh
yeah it is Middle click
middle click moves me around okay then
we
go in this thing and it's for some
reason it seems like that's not that's
not right but that is right but we have
an offset of
6.5 huh it's kind of it's too long now
let's go back wait what what went wrong
Why didn't it generate oh wait I think
we just delete this one
right wait wait I don't understand why
didn't you just leave it how it was
before what do you mean because it
wouldn't
rotate okay wait so instead of doing
this like this is like a drastic change
compared to like the other one was I
don't know but if you just made made
like um wait how do I I click this wait
hold on what if I do rotate about X yeah
we want to rotate about X I want to show
that oh
okay see this so this will be able to
spin all the way around actually I think
this is Too Tall what if I just decrease
it
by what if I just make it short okay
what were you saying I wasn't even
listening what were you saying no no no
what were you saying
no I just Sor I was just distracted I
was just trying to figure out what the
hell's going on I think you have it
though you think the shortening this is
the way to do
it I don't think we had to like increase
the height as much as you did yeah yeah
yeah I totally agree with you okay
that's if that's what we're saying we're
um but I was going to say though uh
could you
not um with making this hole like a
little larger also
like that if that hole is larger then
then it will move side to side more yeah
I know but earlier what I was saying is
that the bar just looked like it was um
like there's no room for like any
movement with the balls like right yeah
but that's what I was saying like if the
hole was like a little
larger or not even that if the pole bar
the hole is larger the bar was like even
a little longer too yeah I you don't
necessarily have to make this uh like
longer
oh just increase I could do the yeah
yeah
yeah that's interesting I can just
increase the okay wait why don't we just
try it I I whenever I'm doing this alone
I'm further away from the Sha and that
way it has no like trouble so let me
think if I think the only thing I have
to do is go here and change bar Len to
uh what you want to increase by 10 mm
just's make it
60 wait oh but the problem with that
wait is then we need to okay this might
mess something up no I think it's should
be fine we make a plane that's wait this
extrude oh we make a plane on there and
that's where we okay if that's where we
do it from no no we draw a sketch on
here yeah so this but this should be oh
this is barland okay yeah so we've this
should be all right so now let's go back
to the assembly and see if that all
solved it so now it's like wait that's
just I still feel like the height of
this needs to be no no no no I didn't
change it yeah it didn't because what I
wanted to do was I wanted
to make a variable and this variable is
going to be what do we call this tab
height tab height and it's going to be
uh okay it's going to be
25 and we're going to just move this oh
enter again then we move this up to
there it doesn't really matter matter I
wonder why some I mean it's just like in
programming at sometimes you want to
define local variable but like making a
clean design I bet all I bet all the
good designers they got their parameters
up at the top so now we just need to go
to this extrude and change it
to tab
he okay uh did it get shorter I didn't
even notice I think it did but it's
honestly ideally it's way less than that
well I changed it by 10 oh no I I think
I changed it by five wait can we just
look at it
though wait but is that really what it
looks like I feel like that's out of
date let's see what let's just see
that's 35 that's out of date oh wait how
do
you how do you re update all
references oh wait did I not save No it
should have automatically
saved oh wait do I have to publish a
version
let's just do a new assembly I'm just
going to do a new assembly because I I
feel like I want to practice that
anyways okay so we just take um new
assembly insert both of these
guys
wait oh wait oh you have to do it one at
a time so you do check mark and then you
do insert and then you do this and then
you do check mark and then you do M and
then you really try really really hard
to get that Center and then you go to
there
wait why is it still 35 I feel like
that's still 35 wait what's going on
think so think I got shorter I still
think wait how come I can't
measure it still says 35 wait what maybe
it's just because it's on its side so it
looks a little different wait maybe the
maybe the
um wait did I
even what's wait wait wait wait hold on
oh you know what oh no I I changed the
wrong thing wait
wait what did I do no I must have just
like not done it properly so this
doesn't matter oh no you know what this
one I just did it in the wrong
direction this just needs to be
10 wait did I yeah
okay okay that's way right yeah that
actually did
it so we we can go to
here this look terrible I I don't like
that it's farther apart now the balls
are too far apart for me well I think
that you what did you put it at 60 I
feel like that's way too
long well it was at
50 yeah but still you don't have to make
it I don't know let's see what happens
if we bring the the shaft down a little
bit okay wait I want to I want to
decrease I want to decrease that I want
to go back to um
50 oh
okay and then we're going to go back to
the assembly wait is this the assembly
or is it this assembly I think this is I
think this is
nothing it's this
assembly no it was the other
one gosh darn it can't you just I just
do it
again
e
e e
I and I just don't know
where like it would like I just don't
know how it didn't end up here when I
was cleaning up but
whatever it's so
bizarre okay whatever let's finish
that's so funny I mean he didn't walk
when he walked over he didn't say
anything about the penis oh wait
that's it it's in the bar it's just
sitting there on the
bar advantage of having two soldering
irons twice the twice the work okay so
wait I'm just going to do this again cuz
wait let me just delete
this how do you reset the position of
everything oh wait no but this is wrong
oh wait wait wait no but why don't we
just make this joint right so this point
is going to be connected to
here oh wait
baa oh my God I don't actually know what
that that that means so if I'm saying
something weird like [__]
freak
yeah yeah
yeah wait you do M and then it forgets
that's the annoying thing the the thing
that was nice is that it uh it would
remember infusion it would remember that
you wanted to put it
there and then you do an offset along Z
by 6.5 I actually don't know what this
number comes
from okay we're almost there it's too
high we can we can drop it down more but
that's easy
I keep looking up here for my tabs it's
so funny that it's down here now
um that's actually hype that he's doing
that for me
because oh I'm I want I want
that
funny and I just go over to assembly and
it
is that's a okay that's pretty good
we've been doing this for almost two
hours now
do I need to make a slit in the
front can you just make like a a little
I don't know wait can I hide this there
we go just a little hole a hole in here
yeah you don't have to make a slit like
a little
indentation okay I'm trying to think
okay so I draw a okay I got this this is
easy so what I want to do is I want to
draw let's see um
okay wait so let's just go back to the
penis and we want to draw so this is not
what we want though I wonder if I can
hide that
feature wait if I take this can I hide
these so I don't want to suppress it for
sure basically what I want is the oh
well it's there yeah
okay whatever what is the okay this is a
radius of 20 what was this extrude
height we let's make a parameter that's
the way to do this so you just do alt C
variable shaft
Len and I think it was 70 but we'll fix
it to whatever it actually is we can
move this back up here and um it's this
Extrusion and it's 100 okay so this is
shaft
Len and this oh it's satisfying you hit
that double and that triple enter that's
going to be nice you can't see your
pretty face on the camera oh yeah
yeah I had my power
stolen much
better
um okay so now we want to do we want to
select this face and we want to
do alt C
plane and then we want to offset
distance oh no no no shaft
Len and we opposite
direction okay right so now we we want
to draw in here Shi uh shift
s n for normal and now we're going to
draw a
line from here straight down wait
actually wait hold on if I do
q that activates construction okay so it
is like Fusion that you don't have to
like do it after the fact so I make a
line from here to and then it's okay I
want to check check out okay if I do U
for 's does it give me okay it now gives
me that so now if I I type line wait Q
oh this is the biggest feature for sure
is that you uh you can change to
construction after you start making the
line that's the most freaking annoying
oh but I still don't get this snap to
that I don't really like that but
anyways now we want to along this thing
just do
uh wait the slit is sort towards the top
what the hell am I talking about wait
yeah I think just a little hole is fine
I feel like I'm not satisfied with a
hole you want a
hole a little
yeah how deep should it
[Music]
be not very deep minus 10 oh wait minus
doesn't work they don't they don't deal
with minus
there extrude
move remove and then did it
fail blind let's see okay it actually
does make
it okay so now we go to the assembly you
want it to look like
this F
seven this doesn't look like a
penis I don't like that it's a flat face
back here kind of
mhm I feel like it's got to be a slit
whatever no I'm fine with this this is
fine I kind of like this more and
also
um I don't know I think it's fine I
think it's going to be able to spin
entirely around this thing so it's more
of a but I like that cuz it's like a
little fidget toy but what I do want to
do is I want to actually I'm going to
decrease this and I'm going to um
increase that so we're going to go to
part studio and then we're going to go
back to
it's gonna be are you still making it
into a keychain or is it just going to
be a figure oh it's probably just gonna
be a figure because I have to Red
Dimension everything well no it's going
to say oh it would be a well it just be
a huge freaking keychain yeah well no
it's going it would be
like wait where's the calipers it's
going to be like 100 mm it's going to be
like a real
penis wow you know I put it on my
keychain
all right well I I feel like it's going
to take too long to uh no what I was
going to say is the flat thing so you
can just put like a little tab on it for
like a q ring oh yeah I can I can do
that I oh we could try LOF thing wait
you should do that and then I could um
hang it on my rear view mirror oh nice
wait so okay so wait let's just make
sure we're on the same page here
so so okay I I'll I'll show you one in a
second so
so okay so what I'm thinking is that
there's going to be a little hole here
and there's and there's a little wait no
but what you want is you want to hang it
where do you want to hang it
from I thought you want to hang it from
the ball I thought you were going to do
like a
little a little tab yeah yeah oh a tab
let's see tab there is not bad but
actually no what I'm going to do
instead is I'm going to make a
hole I'm going to make a hole through it
because then uh it'll be easier to print
because then you can print on that face
of
it
um okay so okay but I'm going to bring
this down like three more
millimeters let's see what let's get
aggressive and see how that looks
that looks pretty good to me
actually um yeah looks really
good what am I [__] doing with my
life oh my
God you're making me happy you okay wait
but this is actually going to be a
little bit harder than I thought because
this is a curved surface so um
okay wait let's just draw the one on
this face so we're going to draw sketch
on here shift s does that automatically
that automatically makes that that
sketch plan which is similar to Fusion
so then we're going to uh do normal and
I hate all of this geometry it's like oh
sh okay
um so a keych
or yeah let's make it like four three
make it like what are you going to put
through it
string um well I was just going to do
like a little key ring what does that
look like what how thick is
that a key ring oh oh you put your oh
that's actually hold on can we look at
some
I mean I could just do like string okay
wait so let's do this is going to be um
yeah three three is probably three is
like here three it's in diameter three
in diameter is
uh that
big okay but
we right but to cuz the thing is if you
want to like if you want to like get it
where you can bend this this this it's
basically how much this is the distance
to measures how much you can bend the
string or the thing so we need that to
be so if the rad what's the shaft
diameter we never made that a parameter
so first off okay let's just do
this it's going to be oh well we can't
do that we can do this though and this
is going to be I'm just going to make it
3.5 I mean this one doesn't really
matter but okay so let's just make a
parameter can I make a parameter no I
can't make a parameter in sketch mode so
okay we're going to leave that as it is
and we're going to do I Wish V does v do
anything I don't know if V has
a okay that seems like the most insane
thing maybe it's just cu no no
mechanical designers are
um okay how do I change my keyboard
shortcuts is V one of
them shift V is name to view oh that's
kind of
cool V is vertical bro wait that's in
sketch mode though that's in sketch mode
so in
general okay wait so can we customize
keyboard
shortcuts
oh
um not in sketch mode in part Studio
variable oh that's nice we don't really
need that but what I want
is how do I add
one oh wait part Studio how do I add a
new
one what the hell bro what the hell
wait it should be General right assembly
3D
view no it's part
Studio n is note I don't know what
drawing is oh and oh
drawing wait how to customize keyboard
shortcut I know there's a but what is it
does even let you do what you want how
do you add a new
one you can edit existing
ones but what that's
ridiculous
what add new keyboard shortcut on shape
okay let's watch the video I'm pretty
sure it's going to say the same nonsense
is that there's
only everyone this
is Library key shortcut to minimiz
movement and speed up design process so
that you can spend less time the right
tool and more time design any shortcut
for tools that Cur short can customize
to more for you and your designs to set
cust keyb shortcuts now get to my
account then preferences and scroll to
the keyboard shortcut head altern pull
the list of keyboard shortcut from the
menu and click customize key shortcuts
to customize tool short you change and
on pencil then enter the you customiz
your customiz shortcuts will display
line blue and any disable shorts
will in order to design worklow ke
shortcuts are most used during design
can BEP together toow for M hand for
example the L
key this is insane I'm making a comment
this is insane no way to add a custom
part uh what was it part
studio studio shortcut for new commands
like
variable
bad being a hater but it's only because
I'm only being a hater and this is what
you got to know sometimes hate is like
love because I love the product and I
want to see it succeed but just little
things they're like death by thousand
paper
cuts
okay so um okay so we have this this and
now we want
to take this and we want to make
this radius a yeah so this is make this
a variable and this is going to be
called
shaft wait radius shaft
width oh wait what the hell shaft radius
wait
for for the for the radius of the
Sha okay that's
fine move it up there wait oh yeah okay
that's silly yeah you you really most of
the time you want to do it the other way
around I I don't know why I got duped
into thinking that you can click and
then Define silly
silly okay wait but why did it
fail edge of oh no yeah we don't want an
entity what are you doing right now wait
is a length it's a diameter shaft oh
wait what wait no shaft radius
um what am I doing oh I'm adding the
keychain
yeah um but wait why oh no it's assigned
it's assigned there's measured and
there's assigned and the value is 20 and
that's that okay now you go to a sketch
there's some
sketch oh it's this
sketch and this is going to be
uh shaft radius time
2 what the hell okay wait so I forget
why I was doing that oh I'm doing that
because now I know what it is and so in
this sketch we want to make the distance
from here to here shaft
radius minus and then what did we say
this thickness was like two three so
minus no no that's two there's two
different things here um but yeah a
minus um three oh no but we need it to
be yeah okay three wait why isn't that
going to work what the
hell sha radius minus three why doesn't
that work also can't you just
um I don't understand you're making a
tab but also can't you just make a
little um I'm making a little I'm not
making a tab I'm doing a hole from the
top and the bottom wait so there's going
to be a small hole here and there's
going to be a small hole here and it's
going to be oh okay that's what I just
yeah yeah so but um wow um it's like
we're thinking in the
same um but why can't I do math in this
why am I
so confused
here unitless oh unitless number wait
what
that's goofy AF
bro you have to unit
everything that's fine okay so now we
need to draw a
sketch okay so we're going to do an
offset face so we're going to do a plane
so you do all this plane oh wait I'm in
a sketch oh I need to no but okay this
is something that's new to me is
basically I just designed apart I don't
have it but it imagine a cube and then
you draw a circle on the top of the cube
and then a circle and an adjacent face
of the cube and then you you draw a
basically a tangent Arc um so you then
you draw two lines emanating from the
center of both of those circles then you
draw a tangent Arc between the center of
the circle both faces and then you do a
loft between them and that's how you do
an infusion and we're basically going to
be doing the same thing right now so uh
okay so we're done with this sketch now
we need to draw a plane and this needs
to be offset by the radius which is
shaft
radius wait but it's other
way
okay I don't actually know if this is
going to work but it it's got to work I
mean a lot of the stuff so far that I've
expected to work has worked which is
really nice cuz then you don't need to
be afraid I'm not afraid don't no okay
so now we want to draw a
circle wait can we get a line going up
like this oh and we can turn it on after
the look at that look at that I'm in the
middle of the line and I can swap
between the two that's magic to some
people that's magic to me I think that's
wonderful wait what what just
happened wait what just happened
hello what I'm so confused
sketch on plane
three wait wait wait wait wait
wait
okay is that cinear I can't even
tell yeah it's colinear so then this is
going to be uh
3.5 then the distance between here and
here wait
what distance
between here and here oh there we go is
going to be what did we
say um three why don't you just measure
this little hole and see how big you got
it oh yeah there you go
okay so this is about three and then the
distance to the edge here is two yeah so
let's make
that so this is going to so wait what we
actually want to do is we want to finish
this sketch then we want to make a
variable um I'm going to call it uh
keychain this two
Edge my sock is still a little
damp and this is going to be two
okay now we want to move that away back
up here and we going to edit this sketch
and change this to keychain dis to then
we going to finish this but then we need
to go back to this sketch I
think and the distance here needs to be
the shaft radius
minus
dist okay so now we have these two faces
so now we want to select these two faces
and just do a
loft and it's a
remove oh that's to okay so we're going
to change the keychain radius to be
three because that is not going to
that's too small for the printer to be
able to
handle okay but that works so now we
just need to go make a new
variable and it's
um heat chain hole
Dam and it's
three okay so then we can move this up
here oh man I'm actually getting really
productive with this I could see this
being my my daily driver cat everyone I
could see this being my daily
driver I could see
it okay so this gets changed to key oh
wow I love this oh my gosh this is so
good they actually have like a modern
programming languages function
search here it's totally insane that
that doesn't whatever so this is going
to be
keychain hold
IAM and we might even want it to be
maybe a little bit
smaller it's okay if it's smaller it
really doesn't
matter okay wait but let's just do that
and I want to see how it is so now we
need to oh that honestly I'm well we
need to change
e
e e
damn damn damn damn damn damn bro how
long was
that I should just keep it on I
just I don't want to educate my I don't
want to educate the fam that you got to
be like well you got to really watch
your words it's a lot of
responsibility being on stream people
used to hate it in
college maybe cuz I would neglect to say
or
like I remember I start when I started
streaming in
college um people hated it because or I
remember one guy particular was really
upset with this guy Nick Romanov cuz he
uh he's just like was worried always
worried about like what people might you
know catch him saying but he never said
anything it's just like
whatever he was worried about what well
it's just like you have to I mean you
just kind of have to watch your words
when you're on stream
I want to write my own slicer which is
what I'm I I got an update for my slicer
I really want to write my own
slicer I think that'd be such a fun
project that is like the ultimate like
if I could write my own slicer then I'm
like I should just be given an A in this
class I'm taking that's that's how I
feel okay we're finally ready to print
this
thing okay so I I made a slight
adjustment because the problem is this
needs to be thick otherwise it'll break
yeah where the hell is bamboo Studio
hello is anybody
[Music]
home that's like my favorite saying when
dealing with a computer
is anybody
home okay uh CAD fun penis
assembly oh my God wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait wait oh my God their
assembly made it one
thing that is so ridiculous Okay so
let's just um just export this export as
um
okay CAD
one okay then this part part
export 3M
part one part Studio One mail
ball hell
yeah
go hell yeah son oh wait wait wait
what's going on
here hell
yeah we are so we are so [__] ready
you know what would be funny is if the
thumbnail had a picture of this
assembled after the
fact Auto arrange this arrange Auto
arrange okay so oh wow look look how
it's expecting to um print all this this
kind of random this one needs no
supports but this is definitely going to
need wait why is this still okay never
mind I'm I'm playing bro I'm playing
okay yes so we need
supports hello okay res reslice
it it's probably going to put supports
there
yeah all right whatever let's print
it nice it'll take two hours so I'll
give it to you tomorrow or something
all right peace